Changes to typescript generation CLI (#1736)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/dev-docs/cli.md

strapi ts:generate-types
```

- **strapi ts:generate-types --debug**<br />

>   [DEPRECATED] **strapi ts:generate-types --verbose**<br/>

Author: @pwizla I wasn't sure this was the best way to format the deprecation since I didn't have any examples to go by. We're replacing 'verbose' with 'debug' but don't want to remove 'verbose ' until v5 to prevent a breaking change. Feel free to update in any way that looks better.

Reviewer: It looks good. Thanks, Ben! It's the first time we use "deprecated" in the docs, so no specific format has been defined yet.

  Generate typings with the debug mode enabled, displaying a detailed table of the generated schemas.
- **strapi ts:generate-types --silent** or **strapi ts:generate-types -s**<br/>
  Generate typings with the silent mode enabled, completely removing all the logs in the terminal. Cannot be combined with `verbose` or `debug`
- **strapi ts:generate-types --out-dir &#60;path&#62;** or **strapi ts:generate-types -o &#60;path&#62;**<br/>
  Generate typings specifying the output directory in which the file will be created.

:::caution

> Strapi requires the project types to be generated in the `types` directory for them to work. The --out-dir option should not be used for most cases. However, it can be useful for cases such as generating a second copy to compare the difference between your existing types and your updated types after making a change to your content structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Strapi requires the project types to be generated in the `types` directory for them to work. The `--out-dir` option should not be used for most cases. However, it can be useful for cases such as generating a second copy to compare the difference between your existing and updated types after changing your content structure.
```
